Build docs in container (#654)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/README.md

	make linkchecker

## Building Locally Using a Container

Build container image:

>     docker build --no-cache --progress=plain --file Containerfile --tag foreman_documentation:1.0 .

Author: IMHO `Containerfile` is a more application agnostic term. See also http://docs.podman.io/en/latest/markdown/podman-build.1.html

>     docker build --no-cache --progress=plain --file Containerfile --tag foreman_documentation:1.0 .

Reviewer: On Fedora, I had to run this with `sudo`

>     docker build --no-cache --progress=plain --file Containerfile --tag foreman_documentation:1.0 .

Author: Added `sudo`.

Build Foreman documentation.
Run this command in your `foreman-documentation` repository:

>     rm -rf guides/build && docker run --rm -v $(pwd):/foreman-documentation foreman_documentation:1.0 make html

Reviewer 2: On SELinux enabled systems (at least with podman) you need to pass `-Z` for correct labels. On non-SELinux you can't pass it. Sadly that's the way it is.

Author: I don't know what this means & I cannot reproduce this on my machine. I've added this as a comment, but feel free to correct/reword this once more.

Reviewer 3: I am getting this, is it related?

```
$ docker run --rm -v $(pwd):/foreman-documentation foreman_documentation:1.0 make html
make: stat: Makefile: Permission denied
make: *** No rule to make target 'html'.  Stop.
```

Option -Z is not known to my podman. Where exactly should I pass this?

Author: I've added separate usage instructions for SELinux enabled systems thanks to @ekohl

	make linkchecker

## Building Locally Using a Container

> 

Reviewer: Can we cater to the lowest common denominator because some writers might not be as technical as you, and just add that ensure that you have Docker installed.

Author: I've added minimal usage instructions. Afterall, using a container should make things easier.

Reviewer: Thanks. I get you completely. And am totally satisfied with the minimal instructions. I think that we are covered by this.

	make linkchecker

## Building Locally Using a Container

You can build Foreman documentation locally using a container image.
This requires the cloned git repository plus an application such as Podman or Docker to build and run container images.

1. Build container image:

>        sudo podman build --no-cache --file Containerfile --tag foreman_documentation:1.0 .

Reviewer 2: Why `no-cache`?

On Fedora 34, this also works for me:
```suggestion
       podman build --tag foreman_documentation:1.0 .
```

In fact, the that this build is with sudo and the one below is without is guaranteed to give problems. You must run either both as root or both as a normal user.

Author: Fixed.

>        docker build --no-cache --progress=plain --file Containerfile --tag foreman_documentation:1.0 .

Reviewer: My first run had errors because of `--progress` also, I remember.

>        docker build --no-cache --progress=plain --file Containerfile --tag foreman_documentation:1.0 .

Author: Fixed.

2. Build Foreman documentation.
   Run this command in your `foreman-documentation` repository:

       rm -rf guides/build && docker run --rm -v $(pwd):/foreman-documentation foreman_documentation:1.0 make html

>    Add the `-Z` flag on SELinux enabled systems.

Reviewer 3: Is this related?

```
[lzap@nuc foreman-documentation]$ docker run --rm -v $(pwd):/foreman-documentation foreman_documentation:1.0 make html
make: stat: Makefile: Permission denied
make: *** No rule to make target 'html'.  Stop.
```

Reviewer: I can only do this with sudo.

Author: I cannot reproduce this, but I've added a note to run this as root on systems using SELinux. I am unsure if this makes it user friendly.

Reviewer 3: Ok I know what is going on. Users do not map correctly, my ID is 1001 (yeah I am special) and this does not map to root:

```
$ docker run --rm -v $(pwd):/foreman-documentation -it foreman_documentation:1.0 /bin/bash
[root@21ecf14c6fda /]# ls -la /
total 16
dr-xr-xr-x.   1 root root  42 Aug 12 16:25 .
dr-xr-xr-x.   1 root root  42 Aug 12 16:25 ..
drwxrwxr-x.   1 1001 1001 224 Aug 12 14:25 foreman-documentation
...
```

Within the container environment, the effective user (which is UID=0) cannot do anything with the contents. I am not container expert, not sure what to do here.

Reviewer 2: We have a similar script in pulpcore-packaging and here's how we deal with SELinux:
https://github.com/theforeman/pulpcore-packaging/blob/2b69c4af86d45833d3530ba9e78db301fc25abe5/automation/update_packaging.sh#L16-L22

>    On SELinux enabled systems, run this command as root using `sudo` and add the `-Z` flag.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   On SELinux enabled systems, run this command:
   
        rm -rf guides/build && podman run --rm -v $(pwd):/foreman-documentation:Z foreman_documentation:1.0 make html 
```

Author: Fixed.
